Dec releasenotes updates (#580)
Axway/amplify-central: content/en/docs/amplify_relnotes/2024dec_amplify.md

* **New agents versions available**

  (AGENT SDK UPDATE, DISCOVERY AGENT, TRACEABILITY AGENT)<br />
  New versions are available for our on-prem agents. Refer to [Release Notes](/docs/amplify_relnotes) or go to [Axway Repository](https://repository.axway.com/catalog?q=agents) to see the latest versions for all available agents. This update includes several bug fixes listed under *Agents bug fixes for December 12, 2024*  and the **Custom Consumption Unit** functionality to the **Agent SDK v1.1.105**.

### Agents bug fixes for December 12, 2024

| Case ID | Internal ID | Description |
|-------------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------|
|  | APIGOV-29342 | **Issue**: V7 Discovery Agent credential request definitions with null identifiers.<br/>**Resolution**: Credential Request Definitions are no longer created with null indentifiers, which no longer breaks the consumer credential request flows in the Marketplace. The fix is available in Axway API Management discovery agent **v1.2.12**. |

### Marketplace updates for December 12, 2024

* **Custom Consumption Units Support**

  (PRODUCT FOUNDRY, NEW FEATURE, PROVIDER EXPERIECE)<br />

>   We are thrilled to introduce the **Custom Consumption Units**, enabling you to define and manage custom consumption metrics for more tailored monetization strategies that better aling with the unique requirements of your offerings. You can incorporate these custom-defined units into your plan for quota allocation to control how many units a consumer is entitled to use, and monitor the usage in Business Insights.<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables you to define and manage custom consumption metrics for more tailored monetization strategies that better align with the unique requirements of your offerings. You can incorporate these custom-defined units into your plan for quota allocation to control how many units a consumer is entitled to use, and monitor the usage in Business Insights.<br />
```

>   **How it works**

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>    * Define your custom unit (e.g, AI Token, Messages)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>    * Assign the unit to specific product plan quota

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>    * Track and report consumption usage on this custom defined unit. This can be achieved by implementing a Custom Unit Service that will communicate with the Discovery and Traceability Agents. Refer to [Reporting custom unit usage](/docs/connect_manage_environ/connected_agent_common_reference/custom-unit-metrics) for more information about its implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Reporting custom unit usage](/docs/connect_manage_environ/connected_agent_common_reference/custom-unit-metrics) for more information about its implementation.
```

>   This feature empowers you to align your quota system with custom metrics that reflect the value of your services, providing greater flexibility and revenue potential. Refer to [Manage consumption units](/docs/manage_product_foundry/manage_consumption_units) for more details.

Reviewer: I don't know why line 42 is here

Author: what is not clear about line 42 ?

Reviewer: There is a feature summary/description above **How it works** and then you add to the summary/description on line 42. If line 42 is necessary, it should be combined with the above summary/description. I think this is pretty detailed and lengthy for the release notes.

  
* **Bulk Archive and Bulk Delete in Product Foundry List View**

  (PRODUCT FOUNDRY, ENHANCEMENT)<br />

>   The bulk **Archive** functionality in the Product Foundry list view allows you to archive products in a single action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The bulk **Archive** functionality in the *Product Foundry list view* allows you to archive products in a single action.
```

Reviewer 2: ... archive active products in a single action

>   The bulk **Delete** allows you to remove multiple products at once, simplifying cleanup of your product list. An error message will appear if the delete action is not permitted, clearly stating the reason for the restriction (e.g., product not being in archive state).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The bulk **Delete** functionality allows you to remove multiple products at once, simplifying cleanup of your product list. 
```

Reviewer 2: ... remove multiple archived products at once....

  
## December 4, 2024

### Agents bug fixes for December 4, 2024

| Case ID | Internal ID | Description |
|-------------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------|

> |  | APIGOV-29292 | **Issue**: Environments that have an agent without a *status.version* are throwing an error.<br/>**Resolution**: The error is no longer displayed in *environment details*. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  | APIGOV-29292 | **Issue**: Environments that have an agent without a `status.version` are throwing an error.<br/>**Resolution**: The error is no longer displayed in *environment details*. |
```

|  | APIGOV-29228 | **Issue**: The mock server errors with 404 on APIs having a "servers" section.<br/>**Resolution**: If an API spec contains a "servers" section under a path, then the mock server will no longer respond with a 404. The "servers" section of the loaded API spec is now removed before being passed to the prism library.|
| 01609369 | APIGOV-28448 | **Issue**: The metric for services discovered by the Discovery Agent is reflected inappropriately as "Registered Services" in the *Overview dashboard* when it should be under "Discovered Services".<br/>**Resolution**: A single metric is now displayed for Registered Services during the selected time period, which will cover both manually registered and automatically discovered services.|

> |  | APIGOV-29391 | **Issue**: API calls occasionally fail contacting API Manager.<br/>**Resolution**: Automatic retries for all API calls to v7 was added to the discovery agent. The fix is available in Axway API Management discovery agent **v1.2.11**. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  | APIGOV-29391 | **Issue**: API calls occasionally fail contacting API Manager.<br/>**Resolution**: Automatic retries for all API calls to v7 was added to the Discovery Agent. The fix is available in Axway API Management Discovery Agent **v1.2.11**. |
```
